Bragging about a law enforcement handlebar
You're crazy and you're still obsessed
I'm going to jail soon
You still laugh
Your friend is about to be taken away
Uncle, grab them
I don't want people to know that I eat
Don't expose anything
Put it down.
Don't let Second Uncle catch them
Ouch, so sleepy.
Who made him fight?
They didn't hit me.
Did you tell someone about protection money again?
It's not that I won't mention it, I'll hang out
Extortion protection fee
Somebody take him away
Just leave after dinner
Miss, is your friend so not easy?
Yeah, my friend is really interesting
What's the matter with this captain?
I'm dying
Mom, why don't you forget it first and don't wait for him?
I'll give him a call later.